Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Same same bed different room.
Saraniah Aston: Uh, yeah, I had to move
Gwenevere Abriel: Saying in a cottage or like a guest house. I think with mom right
Saraniah Aston: I'm saying, and my mom studio
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, separate from her house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to take some minutes and kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what it's been like for you.
Saraniah Aston: Not really.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there a little bit of irritation going on or anger, maybe
Saraniah Aston: Disappointment a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, then let's that we can't deny it. We got to get to it, don't we, it's more productive when we go right out the truth. So there's disappoint on to talk about it.
Saraniah Aston: Will
Saraniah Aston: Yesterday was
Saraniah Aston: particularly awful day and
Saraniah Aston: I had no I didn't have anyone to talk to. And I tried
Saraniah Aston: But I was ignored. So
Saraniah Aston: I don't understand why I feel like it's like some sort of punishment for not making the meeting or something like that. I really don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you. How are you doing right now with just that much contact with this very personal experience. How you doing,
Saraniah Aston: Not well
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay. Well, we've been here before. We've made our way through. So I have confidence that we'll get through this. So not well. So where are you feeling it.
Gwenevere Abriel: In in the tension, maybe in the body. Is it, is it a sense of in the throat, the gut. Like where's it landing
Saraniah Aston: Um,
Saraniah Aston: I guess if I had to choose, it's the head and the gut.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gut, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the emotion is
Gwenevere Abriel: Disappointment was the earlier one. Is there more to it.
Saraniah Aston: Disappointment and hopelessness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hopeless. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the thought is, I tried and it didn't work. I asked for help and I didn't get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay, and feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: That this is retaliatory and punishment.
Saraniah Aston: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What have we done before that has helped us get past these are similar. I think
Gwenevere Abriel: What have you and maybe what have I done. What did I do
Gwenevere Abriel: To help before when we've gotten past
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got
Saraniah Aston: Everything down
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you want to share them written down stuff.
Saraniah Aston: Okay.
Saraniah Aston: first session with one
Saraniah Aston: Annoyed disappointed slightly angry.
Saraniah Aston: And I thought it was okay to text or call I needed to speak. I felt desperate alone.
Saraniah Aston: My week from hell. I had to leave my apartment and temporarily move into my mother's studio. I had no help. No one talks to me, my brother completely ignores me on Sunday. He told me in these exact words. I hate you.
Saraniah Aston: As he was walking away. He also said everybody hates you.
Know,
Saraniah Aston: And it's hurt BP.
Saraniah Aston: I let my anger out after a dread me tears. I wish it had made me feel better.
Saraniah Aston: And my mother barely speaks to me.
Saraniah Aston: I had to move an entire apartment by myself. No one offered to lift one finger I exploded on my mother, a few times.
Saraniah Aston: My
Saraniah Aston: Father and I share meaningless words I learned more and more of how much of my childhood. He's completely forgotten stuff that he cherished
Saraniah Aston: It's heartbreaking. I don't know what to say to him.
Saraniah Aston: I drove my father to Walmart. When we return, we sat in the car for a while. I asked him what his plans were. And he pointed my mother's house almost with tears and says, I want a home. I just want a family.
Saraniah Aston: He wanted me to talk to my mom.
Saraniah Aston: No, I am confused or really stressed, and I must find a place to live right away. Also, I think I need intensive therapy and I need to have my medicine just adjusted. Last but not least, I did not do my body scanning homework.
Saraniah Aston: There, I think there might be something wrong with me. There has to be, I need help. I don't know what the best thing to do right this moment is I'm so lost. I feel the beginning
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, there's a lot of truth in there and you're feeling that, as if it's like you are doing the move in the whole everybody saying those things as if it's happening right now.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's look around and see if anyone is threatening to hurt you. Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so there's some acknowledgement of some physical safety anyway.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I have the studio and nobody comes back here or anything. So that's fine.
Saraniah Aston: Pit that also pisses me off.
Saraniah Aston: But it is what it is I get I think I get it, I think I get how my family is
Saraniah Aston: And
Saraniah Aston: It's really painful, but I cannot
Saraniah Aston: Stay here.
Saraniah Aston: Long
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you knew that when you left and you you these are these are things you already know it's not like you intended to do this move back house he you knew right and
Saraniah Aston: My landlord was awful. And I had to leave. Anyways, I told him it would be out by the fifth so
Saraniah Aston: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the piece that happened between us around.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was just piled on top on top on top that I was unavailable as well.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I mean I wrote, I wrote all this when I had when I was I was desperate. So I didn't have anything else to do but just write it all down.
Gwenevere Abriel: What makes you think that you need more intensive care care like more intensive psychotherapy. Tell me more about that when I heard about
Saraniah Aston: I feel like I talked to you and I'm doing really well.
Saraniah Aston: To for a few days.
Saraniah Aston: I feel like
Saraniah Aston: Wow, I need another hour
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want me to see when I look at
Gwenevere Abriel: My schedule to see if there's a way to find another hour somewhere in there where we could meet to see if this care can work for you without having to change the program. Let's say you know I'm trying to say like trying to make this
Gwenevere Abriel: It because it is an hour if it's a feel good feeling like I feel good about myself and it lasts even three days. That's actually pretty cool.
Saraniah Aston: I mean, it could be even every other week or something like that. So, you know, it doesn't have to be a really just maybe just something extra in there just because
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we do a couple of things. First, number one, I can do that. We're not quite through how I impacted you were going to get there. You know me. I'll go all the way through it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we'll get to the other side, but I don't want to forget some important details around the service. I want to also throw and I can't remember if I said it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or maybe it was forgotten. But you if it's affordable to you because I know not everybody has like Medicaid in it. It gets pricey but
Saraniah Aston: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Can afford it. You are welcome to attend my other groups this week is on something that is just massively important
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's radical acceptance and it's not a little trivial thing. It's like this is a very specific skill that without it, it can feel like we're in turmoil and constantly having to deal with the next sort of hurricane or tornado that's coming at us.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so we're talking about it in group and you had missed it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Reason society. We already know that. But you missed it. And it's, I want you to have it. So if you want to, if it makes sense to you. I can review what my groups are you're more than welcome. You don't, as far as I'm concerned, you're welcome to all of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't even have to announce it as far as I'm concerned. Okay, this has to be you balancing your budget. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whether you want to do it, but you're you're more than welcome to. So just to review.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have Monday at 9am, of course.
Saraniah Aston: I have
Gwenevere Abriel: Monday at 1pm
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't want people in the same group. But if you tell me you know what I really need it, then what we'll do is I'll just say this the same service don't Bill, I'll just tell the doc. Hey, she's here for just fellowship and we're not billing for it's on the same day as a service.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been able to get up get away with that.
Saraniah Aston: You might say on on on Monday when I
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, if you went into 9am and you said, I want to hear this. Again, I want to talk. I want to hear myself through this next piece of work. I didn't quite say it at 9am I want to keep this going. I've got something I've been able to get away with it. So until they
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's keep going. So I've got that, then I have 7am on Tuesdays. And then I have a new group which I just had, which is 12pm on Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which you can't happen of course
Saraniah Aston: We just were doing this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get the idea and then I have Thursday at 11am
Gwenevere Abriel: And then Friday at 12pm
Saraniah Aston: Right, I just have to ask my mother, she can handle she can take another payment for me. Um, but yeah i think i think Thursday or Friday. What time did you say on Friday it was
Saraniah Aston: Off at 12
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll be
Saraniah Aston: I see you, I see. I go to the group on Monday, and then I see you on Tuesday. And I'm good for a few days. So then it sounds really good.
Saraniah Aston: I will ask, I will find that out.
For sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: What I can do this is, there's a little caveat, and that is that I also know these groups. I know the composition of the groups and
Gwenevere Abriel: I, I see a part of my role as protecting everyone and I want to protect to you. So I want to protect you. A little bit around how my Friday group has a lot of new people and it has fewer opportunities for self reflection. There's a lot of just sort of psycho education around
Gwenevere Abriel: Addiction, it's not quite as process or the Thursday group, however.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is very process oriented.
Saraniah Aston: These are focused
Gwenevere Abriel: Not only address me directly. They like you're doing now we're talking about right this stuff that is this kind of deeper sort of inner core really getting a core
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, whether it's a toxic relationship clients are talking directly to each other at one point they were talking directly to the doctor.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's more intense sort of psychotherapy happening versus psycho education. We just it's just a different group and I just wanted to mention to you. You're more than welcome to it but just a little bit of the limitation of Friday.
Saraniah Aston: Okay I scratched out Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get more out of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So beautiful. Yeah, that's available to you. And now, so that said
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't we look
Saraniah Aston: I'm not mad at
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, certain is, it's okay. Even if you're mad. I don't you know i don't i don't have discriminate against anger. I think it's a juicy emotion, it means something important was going on. I don't I don't I don't mind if you're mad.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay, too.
Gwenevere Abriel: You were disappointed you saw something about that tax and you didn't get what you needed
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I think it's going to be useful for us to get get into the minutia into the details of that. But before I do, I thought, what we do is we can look ahead, and I can look through my calendar and I can see see what's available.
Saraniah Aston: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm assuming we're going to get through this fine and then already have some stuff set up. So here's what I'm
Seeing
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there any possibility that you could get up a little earlier on Friday, May 15 and attend at a 9am appointment I have someone that sees me every other week.
Gwenevere Abriel: On Wednesday, May 15 at nine.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I can do that. And when I'd be just saying, I'm going to
Saraniah Aston: Get with
Saraniah Aston: Glenn or
Gwenevere Abriel: Know this individual therapy. This would be individual
Saraniah Aston: Okay, great. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so, yeah. So I thought, we'll keep this this thing we've got going on a Tuesday, which I'll back up and I can see I booked someone at web 110 but I can meet with you at to 10 on May 12 which is Tuesday with them.
Saraniah Aston: That's good.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have to. So then you go to grew up on a Monday, you get to meet with me on Tuesday afternoon.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then by the time Friday morning comes up, we can sort of reset. Again, we can review, we can refresh and see
Gwenevere Abriel: What skills are needed.
Saraniah Aston: Okay may 12 is next Tuesday. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes it is, if you can believe it.
Saraniah Aston: No, I can't. I cannot believe that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Blows my mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is now. So for this week. You're more than invited. I hope to see you this Thursday, right, at seven right rolling in about 1030 kind of saying, hey, I'm going to be going to women's group. If there's flax and just, just let them know, hey, she's going. Additionally, and
Gwenevere Abriel: And and then they'll give you the number
Gwenevere Abriel: You can
Gwenevere Abriel: Text me if there's a challenge as well. And then if you and then the next service will be Monday, May 11th, you'll be there and group.
And then
Gwenevere Abriel: 15th at 9am So we've got something kind of already set in place for support.
Saraniah Aston: Yes. That's great. That's actually really great
Saraniah Aston: Thursday. It was going to be 11 right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Yeah, that's group one right group next to that, but I can refresh all of it again because I know you're writing down I talk faster than most people can write so I can review it.
Saraniah Aston: Individually
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, sweet. All right. Now the hard stuff. You ready
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Inside go inside your truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not having to protect me.
Gwenevere Abriel: But indeed, your experience is what I want to take care of today. So go inside your truth about what it felt like for you to want to be able to get support through through the phone with all of these things piling up right all of those stressors and how overwhelmed. You felt
Gwenevere Abriel: And see if you have a question that you want to ask me.
Saraniah Aston: Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: I stepped back a little bit to reduce a little bit of tension for you. I don't know if it was helpful. I kind of pulled back a little, my image is a little smaller.
Saraniah Aston: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, all right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I could sneak off.
Saraniah Aston: A questions, um,
Saraniah Aston: No, I guess not. I don't. Nothing is coming to me. It's just like I'm
Saraniah Aston: In the moment I saw you everything kind of disappeared, and I felt better.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, but it's still
Saraniah Aston: I was angry. I was I was angry.
Saraniah Aston: I wanted to throw my phone across the room, but
Saraniah Aston: I just after I wrote down. I felt like, are we ready
Saraniah Aston: To you, so it felt better.
Gwenevere Abriel: We gotta remember that that that writing can be like
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't reach you, but
Gwenevere Abriel: You're my audience like that writing is what read. Oh, that's good for me to know
Saraniah Aston: It's why I wrote, Dear I wrote it says, Dear when
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, cool. Yeah, that was that stuff you wrote was powerful.
Saraniah Aston: It just something mentally for me to put a name and a
Saraniah Aston: Dear, dear somebody to do that.
Saraniah Aston: It opens me up and it makes it really easy for me to write
Saraniah Aston: It's like I have a purpose for writing. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can sort of picture maybe hopefully maybe the response you'll get whether it will be listened to it will be contained
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I'm the audience.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: I know a little bit about people.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of the job and you have moved through that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feeling just today move through it and you took care of yourself in various ways, kind of turned away a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: And then as as that comfort level got closer and closer, you're more able to open up. Notice how your chin came up a little bit and you're able to kind of look in here and look at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it was important for you to say I'm not Mac. Why don't we go there and see, see how how saying that helps put me at ease or puts you at ease. What do you think that does for us that I'm not mad at you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not mad. I think you said
I'm
Saraniah Aston: Well, I think a lot of times people around me like my family. They assume
Saraniah Aston: With a lot of times when I speak that I'm mad.
Saraniah Aston: And I'm
Saraniah Aston: So, and it's it's mostly because of Israel and the way my tone of voice change. And the way I speak louder and more pushy, it's different. Um, so
Saraniah Aston: I feel a little bit more put at ease. When I say
Saraniah Aston: Listen, I'm not mad.
Saraniah Aston: It's more for me. I think
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Saraniah Aston: Person. No, see the reaction and then breathe.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you mentioned a couple of things you know your journal is just so helpful. Are we about ready to go into that. Do you think yeah okay so you said some amazing stuff in there. Maybe we can kind of kind of dive into it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're already kind of covered
Gwenevere Abriel: Covered adding some services and we did that. Is there anything more that needed around this idea of of increasing services and support.
Saraniah Aston: Another thing that's good. That's awesome. I have options feel good.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you notice how you were invited to ask a question and you opted out, you can change your mind, you can say, I got one. And you can ask me anytime you want to. Okay, that's always there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right you are comfortable that question may come up or UK so just just let it, let it flow.
Gwenevere Abriel: What else, it was also, you mentioned something about wanting to
Gwenevere Abriel: Review medication management with your psychiatrist.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I'm kind of wondering if maybe my Paxil right into the present.
Saraniah Aston: Is kind of
Saraniah Aston: What I know what I know from people taking it is that they need to increase it and have it adjusted every once in a while like every year or two years or something like that.
Saraniah Aston: And I feel like maybe it might be worth it. Just to see if if that might be a good idea to just try maybe increasing it or whatever. The doctor says
Saraniah Aston: Because I feel I can
Saraniah Aston: I feel a little less
Saraniah Aston: In control.
Saraniah Aston: Um,
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I feel a little less in control and
Saraniah Aston: A lot more depressed.
Saraniah Aston: Than I think I should be even with everything that is going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. Mm hmm. Okay, I got you.
Saraniah Aston: I got so I'm curious if if I if maybe I should. It should be adjusted or not.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's, here's the tricky bit for me. Of course I don't manage medication, but if I if I were to say well you know how you said, Well, I don't know if I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: The right dose of depressed for what's going on. So let me just here here's. So in the context of what would be somebody would be depressed about
Gwenevere Abriel: A father that doesn't remember and doesn't value the same precious things that happened a brother that just after that hug that amazing experience you had basically pulled the rug out from under you and is what did he say I hate you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And a mother that continues to be who she is consistently showing up one way and then switch to bait and switch constantly with that.
Saraniah Aston: Goes on things to be depressed about
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'm doing right. I'm not a
Parent
Gwenevere Abriel: That's appropriate. Like, like what kind of robot would not be, you know, laid flat by that.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, that's true. Well, either way my psychiatrist is sick, and he's out for two months. So I have to wait two months. Anyways,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's still on the radar and don't hear. I'm saying, No, no, no, I'm just saying, I'm just catching that one phrase, just like a like as if I'm too depressed for this.
Saraniah Aston: No, I agree. And these are things that I try and figure out on my own, too. So I totally, like, is this something that's logical to be depressed about to be down about because you're actually human
Saraniah Aston: Or is is it do you, is it could be like a chemical chemical something
Saraniah Aston: And it could be both. Or it could be one. It could be the other but I definitely hear what you're saying about the
Saraniah Aston: Just kind of taking a step back and looking at each of those situations or
Saraniah Aston: An energizing my feeling and
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's interesting because I already come from a psycho biological perspective, I already think that my thinking is chemical so so how is right. So if my thinking is chemical. Well, it's my response chemical to to proceed abandonment and rejection. Like, how am I hey
Gwenevere Abriel: Where do. Where is just a thought of thought or my baseline chemistry reactive, but which came first, was I chemical how far back do we go to the end of the wall.
Gwenevere Abriel: How far back. We go well.
Saraniah Aston: Since we first started taking medication, I thought we I
Saraniah Aston: Started taking medication, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would go back, much, much, much, much, much further than that. I would go back, literally to
Gwenevere Abriel: There were look at the chemistry going on in there. Was she a chill calm happy loving
Gwenevere Abriel: Pregnant woman. I don't know.
No.
Saraniah Aston: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me, it seems unlikely, given poster. He told me
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so
Gwenevere Abriel: You're a tiny little body developed
Gwenevere Abriel: A reactivity to startle to perceived threat before you were even born. It was already wired for it already flooded with cortisol already a message sent the world is a hostile place I'm exaggerating but not really like it. That stuff may have happened.
Saraniah Aston: No, no, I agree, and that being a possibility.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then guess what happened.
Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know if you haven't told me stories you know about the infant
Gwenevere Abriel: Caregiver bond was that there was it disrupted. These are critical. These right
Gwenevere Abriel: Number. Right. What we don't tend to remember before age four and a half. We tend to
Gwenevere Abriel: It drops off. We don't really remember, but but you can use deductive reasoning.
Gwenevere Abriel: And walk back and you can hear stories you can hear your mom tell stories. You can hear family members tell stories about whether your mom was able to look at you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And a tune to you. So if you are a little face was off like this, you know, turning away, giving a break to the intensity of a gaze if shirt gays turn to, like, Oh, she doesn't listen to me, that's fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: And use the passive voice and tuned in and paid close attention to
Gwenevere Abriel: Whether you are hungry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tired wanted affection or maybe was close to far
Gwenevere Abriel: Didn't come in and give you a communication from the outside, that when you do your distress crying.
Gwenevere Abriel: That the world will take care of you. It's there, and will come and hold you and address your diaper and you're eating and your need for contacts, because it's a pretty scary thing to enter the world. I mean, it's like you're like perfectly fine. And then you're like, so not fine out there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Naked
Gwenevere Abriel: That's like me.
Saraniah Aston: I remember my mom's and I know that, but she was 19 so but I know that my brother's four years older than me so she had my brother, and then she had her her OCD, which she hadn't
Saraniah Aston: They hadn't had medication for it then.
Saraniah Aston: So she's to have, you know, images of throwing a baby out windows up like that. And I know that I'm alive, she's told me a long time that I was such a calm baby she would just put me in my bouncy chair, and I would be entertaining myself for hours and hours and hours.
Gwenevere Abriel: that strike you just did you tell that story. How does that impact you when you hear yourself say that story.
Saraniah Aston: I think it's sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, me too. I didn't, I didn't really like it all of a sudden I pictured just because I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Calm doesn't mean I don't want attention.
Great.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what do I have to do to get attention in this family is
Saraniah Aston: Yes, now I get to be the baby. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So okay, so I'm here and that's one story. We also have she was 19 and does she talk a little bit about how well she had a little baby she already had. What a three year old.
Saraniah Aston: She had a crazy little monster of a baby, yeah. She was very well.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's bring it bring us back to this notion of US struggling with the last feeling earlier of am I flawed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it a chemical thing am I supposed to be this depressed. You know that. Those are important questions. You were asking in those moments.
Saraniah Aston: I think about them a lot.
Saraniah Aston: Like
Saraniah Aston: I wonder sometimes what's real.
Saraniah Aston: And what isn't what you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it is
Gwenevere Abriel: My hope that over time.
Gwenevere Abriel: That sense of deep realization. That's a real thing. Like, you can go look it up and it is it matches this sort of cluster of symptoms.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of this particular label of Borderline Personality Disorder. It matches this cluster. It's got there's this interesting little cluster behaviors you kind of look at your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's sometimes, sometimes not so much. Some of them, yes, some of them know. But there's a real like cluster. And that's, that's one of them. This sense of round like I don't even know if I exist like where am I, what am I tethered to the sense of just floating
Gwenevere Abriel: Emotions will completely consuming
Saraniah Aston: I've wondered, for a long time and money before alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: And did you hear about it from somewhere. Do you read about
Saraniah Aston: My, my ex was borderline and bipolar. So I learned a lot about her. And I'm also my fascination with psychology psychiatry.
Saraniah Aston: And psychology. I've done a lot of study and research and I know that it's not the most understood disorder still on.
Saraniah Aston: And a lot of it. I completely relate to, um,
Saraniah Aston: But then again, there's, there's just missing. Missing things that there's not enough information, but there are some things where I'm just like that. It's
Saraniah Aston: On yes yes yes yes yes
Saraniah Aston: And not so much.
Saraniah Aston: Yes, yes, yes, yes. So
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's an interesting term in in this field. There's no single inventory assessment for it. You don't just go, well, let's just
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, if
Gwenevere Abriel: He is then you know that's that's what we'll go with. That's the label will use, it's much, much
Gwenevere Abriel: more subtle than that. There are some out there, but there's really no go to you just go just answer this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a little cluster. There's like these little peaks and notice how you saw it, you're like, yes, yes, yes, yes. No man. Yes, yes, yes, yes. No. So that's kind of what we're talking about. And it's like anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just one thing or a combination of different stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes, you could probably relate a little bit to some
Gwenevere Abriel: compulsivity when it's time for cleaning you may just like, dive into it. Or maybe it's you. Maybe you'll hold on to things that people identify those right kind of hoarding well maybe it isn't a hoarding it has more to do with an attention deficit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Around initiation. There's so many different things out there to capture this human experience. And if we don't get locked up on the label which I don't. I only mentioned that word because I
Gwenevere Abriel: Just wanted to test the water and see
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's about that last i don't i don't exist. Who am I
Gwenevere Abriel: Am
Gwenevere Abriel: Like be annihilated by all of these intense feelings.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that is
Gwenevere Abriel: When I have been working with you. It is my sort of undercurrent of, kind of, I guess I have to treat something right
Gwenevere Abriel: And so I'm thinking about, then I'm thinking, well, let's start with the body. Let's start with that she can find herself again and she can find her truth. And one thing I have learned, for sure. Is it is going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: This dual awareness of whether it's a collage. It's a drawing, or it's journaling it somehow. It gets you to sort of almost like see
Gwenevere Abriel: This real this is this is how I feel this is it is happening right now. And somehow that that works. And so we want to keep doing those things right.
Saraniah Aston: And then, and then
Gwenevere Abriel: Also notice you wrote. Oh, I am I didn't do this body scan homework.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did what you probably always did you felt emotionally distressed about uncertainty.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Mean behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: You felt it on an emotional level.
Gwenevere Abriel: In this for all a lot of years.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you make of homework, not being done like what's let me hear from you a little bit
Saraniah Aston: About me not doing getting it done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it mean to you that you didn't do it.
Saraniah Aston: Oh my god. Totally. It's
Saraniah Aston: It makes me feel like like I felt in elementary school, um,
Saraniah Aston: Where when I didn't do my homework.
Saraniah Aston: Which was a lot of times, because I would try and I would try and then I wouldn't understand it. I would get confused. I would get up my mind just go completely somewhere else.
Saraniah Aston: So,
Saraniah Aston: I get a little I get a little paranoid and
Saraniah Aston: Down on myself a little bit because I take something so seriously, you know,
Saraniah Aston: I really do. And then I'm like, Damn, you know why you take something so seriously and they just don't do it.
Saraniah Aston: But it's not like I didn't do it because I've been thinking about it all week to go back to my book and actually look at exactly what I'm supposed to do and try it and then again this week has been insane. So
Gwenevere Abriel: If we don't get a break, as humans, it keeps coming at you.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, it does, doesn't it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, um,
Saraniah Aston: I just have to keep myself together and hopefully
Saraniah Aston: About to dive back into working so
Saraniah Aston: I think that that could be a really good thing for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Saraniah Aston: To focus
Saraniah Aston: On selling my clothes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Saraniah Aston: went off on a tangent
Gwenevere Abriel: I followed. I know, I know where you go in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you are able to turn your attention to work. It is a sense of relief because you really, you start doing all the selling the marketing the whole thing you really immerse yourself in it. Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: I mean I yeah I I'm building my own backdrop i'd bought my own life equipment I I take pictures I researched the pieces of by I write descriptions. I come up with prices sales campaigns marketing, advertising, social media, all kinds of stuff. And when I do it.
Saraniah Aston: I'm on top of the world. I am control and I'm powerful and I am a boss.
Gwenevere Abriel: Awesome. We definitely want you to get back and doing that. That's
Absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, okay.
Saraniah Aston: I closed my store until March until May 30
Saraniah Aston: So I gave myself that time to get everything together and kind of re reopen
Gwenevere Abriel: The part about the giving yourself a hard time he didn't give yourself a hard time just now. Can you said I needed to sort of say, I'm not in the store for the next month or so.
Gwenevere Abriel: There wasn't any of that self-reproach there, but something came up around this homework idea, but this is within me, this is with an actual person. Whereas with there's no other person really on the other side of whether the issue.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is you mean
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is more resembling maybe some earlier inner personal rupture.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, because there's a person that might be disappointed in you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then that's the risk, right, that is that the painful part like I'm trying my best. I couldn't do it. I don't even know what I'm supposed to do. And I don't even know how to ask for help.
Gwenevere Abriel: I said elementary school.
Saraniah Aston: Absolutely, yes. And
Gwenevere Abriel: And here it is again.
Saraniah Aston: If you're a failure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: It could be
Gwenevere Abriel: That it was just a matter of a good enough teacher when you were younger, seeing what you were doing because we now know a lot more about kids that you know in the classroom about whether their
Gwenevere Abriel: Energy is this or focuses that we can diagnose and label a little better. And I think we're getting better at it.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, even my when I was a kid.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: If a good enough teacher had been there to see or you were going through. I'm imagining the teacher would have been able to say, okay,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're a smart girl, girl. At the time, you're now you're smart girl.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something's happening and have taken the time and really understood what was going on with you. It doesn't sound like someone
Saraniah Aston: I've had teachers say that to me. I've had teachers sit me down and say, sorry, I don't really understand you. You're very confusing to me because it's obvious that you're very smart girl. Um, and you're you're good in class and you know you're a pleasant to have in class and
Saraniah Aston: But your grades are s and you're you don't bring it you don't do your homework. And yeah, so they would. I would have a lot of discipline of teachers who liked me
Saraniah Aston: A lot but we're very disappointed in me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and so were they able to tease out
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it because all of your focus is that emotional regulation at home with the dynamics with family.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it that you you turn your attention to something and then it goes off to another, or is it that. Yeah, I understand. I understand this, but I, I can't get started on a homework, like there are so many different things that could go sideways.
Saraniah Aston: The middle one, the second one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I don't remember what I said was
Saraniah Aston: Basically like
Saraniah Aston: Getting an assignment. It's all on board and it's in a piece of paper. I have a textbook too and I suddenly see the paper, the textbook, the stuff on the board and it all just kind of just like comes at me and
Saraniah Aston: I get so stressed out.
Saraniah Aston: Okay, I just can't do it.
Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: So yeah, I grew into the same where yeah my my mind just kind of started to go off into other places.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was. Let me just ask a couple questions when let's say you were looking at a projector, you know, something where they they have words projected
Gwenevere Abriel: And now they use PowerPoints, but I had projection
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you look at it and sort of you've noticed the kids around you already kind of knew what to do. They're already writing assignment. This is also still and you were still sort of fascinated by the shape, you're still started orienting yourself to what you're seeing up there.
Saraniah Aston: For it. Yeah. Or I've gotten really, I got it. I got into the project I got into it totally there watched it. I'm excited to do to to go further.
Saraniah Aston: And once it's time to apply myself to an assignment. I'm, I'm looking at my neighbor. Like, do you understand anything that just happened. Do you know what we're supposed to do, how do we do it like
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Saraniah Aston: And they're like, Don't look at my paper.
Gwenevere Abriel: And have you ever had an inventory assessment for any kind of attention deficit challenges. Has anybody ever given that to you.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I mean, I'm diagnosed with attention deficit disorder not
Saraniah Aston: Attention deficit.
Saraniah Aston: Hyperactive Disorder.
Gwenevere Abriel: Believe it or not, it's changed it's you're probably just inattentive type is my guess right
Saraniah Aston: I think so, yeah.
Saraniah Aston: What do you mean there's no such thing anymore as
Gwenevere Abriel: Add they've dropped it from from the diagnostic manual. Now it's there. Everybody's just ADHD and you're either sort of the hyperactive type or you're the inattentive type
Gwenevere Abriel: It's kind of weird, but I get what they're doing with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: So inattentive
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you know and I just am so enjoying because I'm having a refresh on some of this information recently.
Gwenevere Abriel: That
Gwenevere Abriel: Story. It's the initiation of an assignment that it's an actual feature of that condition, you can have just like you said, I knew how to do it. I was excited to do it. I'm like, oh boy, I'm going to do it and he will do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you don't get started. So what we can look at is just curious. See, just hacks little tricks that already exists.
Gwenevere Abriel: The tomato timer a visual
Gwenevere Abriel: Timer on your app. It's like an actual tomato or, you know, what do you
Gwenevere Abriel: See the sand going down.
Where
Gwenevere Abriel: Is tangible, do you have anything on your phone. What do you use
Saraniah Aston: Well, I can I can I can download a nap.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so there's not one there.
Saraniah Aston: No. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: I really easy one. And of course there's. They're all over the place and don't by any means, think that mines. The only snazzy one
Gwenevere Abriel: But I found this incredibly simple and it's tomato timer. And so right now you're going to see it's already set. So that's how easy it was. I just opened it, and it immediately went here. There's not a lot on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Due to all I would do is as soon as I touched the app. I'm going to tap it already set. It's already set for 20 minutes so
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll do it in a second. But what I wanted you to see was how it was already set up for me to not have to tap a bunch of stuff. It's already set up for all I do is wake it up and go, but
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to start timing down for 20 minutes
Gwenevere Abriel: I set this and I sent this over here and this is how you would do it when you figure yourself out on how your time frame works is you'd go here and there's little choices. This one set at 20 minutes and seven minutes then 25 minutes, but this is a little break right here it is seven.
Saraniah Aston: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: way this is set is like this. I'm going to kick butt for 20 minutes I'm going to be hyper focused on will be like
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go. And it's popped up like that and now it's already taken down. Okay, awesome.
Saraniah Aston: I'm getting it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So yes, it's called tomato timer.
Saraniah Aston: And yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: This isn't random. This is actually scientifically.
Gwenevere Abriel: Explained because y'all. And I'm just gonna say, y'all. Because that's kind of what I got a lot of light in here, I'm just gonna turn it down just cut my blinds us a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this initiation of starting something I've got the knowledge about the experience. It's starting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Start for some people, once they get going, because notice once you get into the work you're you're in a group, you're already going. It's actually that initiation of a task that can be a challenge.
Saraniah Aston: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: This does is it, it sets it in motion.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, I will go
Gwenevere Abriel: For some people they can't work on undivided attention for 20 minutes for some people it's 15 and then you said a break.
Gwenevere Abriel: But don't give yourself a hard time for it. You just say, Okay, I'm really good for 15 minutes and no matter what, even though I don't even
Gwenevere Abriel: Like dig it about myself. I'm going to get distracted. Anyway, I might as well just set the timer for a solid 15. Then I'm going to go play for 10
Gwenevere Abriel: Minutes. So it's already set. Notice it set would be set for 15 the middle one would be a 10 minute break and then there's that 15 again it's already set up to boop boop boop boop boop boop. And then guess what you just spent a solid half hour undivided attention. I'm imagining if you
Gwenevere Abriel: were focused on something work for solid 15 into solid 15 a lot. We get done.
Saraniah Aston: That's a good idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: It works for people
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but you gotta you'll have to figure out, well, how long is my attention span when I'm really undivided attention. So I have this blast to focus attention I kick its butt.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I oh it's been it's going to chime at me. I'm going to go take a break and it will chime again when that 10 minutes is playtime is over. Okay, I'm gonna go back and now I'm going to focus, again, that works for folks like you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, frankly,
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, but especially when you're you want to add the I'm not good enough to it. There's something wrong with me. What's wrong with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know you've just got a kind of just know your own brain. Your brain is different than this brain and that brain. So if your brain likes to hyper focus for
Gwenevere Abriel: whatever amount of time, then you set that timer for that and then give yourself, it tends to be I think it's 20 to 10 minutes, believe it or not.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you'll register that you may say, oh, I need more or that was too long. I was already interested in coming back to a project and it made me sort of wait too long. So then you
Saraniah Aston: I think the the idea of the
Saraniah Aston: The break is a really good thing because sometimes I will when I do go at something like collage or whatever. Um, I can go and go and go and not stop and then I will kind of work myself into a corner. So I think that break could be a good thing.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, on download and checker sounds
Cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's not a lot, a lot of bells and whistles. If you can change the color. You can change the timing of it. You can change the sound. So it's I think it's kept simple for good reason. Nice and
Saraniah Aston: The more simple, the better for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Yeah, me too. I kind of liked it that way. So, so there's that piece and then there's the, the self appraisal. There's this is a feature. This is just kind of, you have a brain much life a lot of other brains that
Gwenevere Abriel: Meet that cluster. Right. Remember we were talking about that other than other term this cluster matches there too, which is, it might be hard to
Gwenevere Abriel: Pick one thing to do when you have a bunch of things that might be hard. It might be hard to get started on on it and
Gwenevere Abriel: Then make a bad
Saraniah Aston: Know,
Saraniah Aston: Is this cognitive behavioral therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're doing this right this second.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh man, I'm wash everything together so much cognitive behavioral therapy was it would sound like this and you'll see me do it. Sometimes, especially when we, when we start to do preparation for am Dr.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me what the underlying belief is about yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sponsoring belief and what are the thoughts that continue to feed that and how does it make you feel emotionally. When you have that thought. And when you have that emotion what what behavior then happens
Gwenevere Abriel: Beliefs box emotions and behaviors. And it's this sort of right circle you can intervene anywhere you can intervene on any of those and it's still going to impact the next one.
Saraniah Aston: Always been curious about it and what it is I, I know that my ex. She was borderline and bipolar. She did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Etc. D.
Saraniah Aston: Beat me too. Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: Yes, she did that, she said it was very difficult.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but there's pieces of it that are throughout my work too. I love it. If you do DDP with 100% fidelity.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't, I can't do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just can't. It's not
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just not practical for my practice, I can't pull it off, nor am I, nor did I get the certification $20,000 it costs to get the training, it's
Very good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So all but there are some really cool things about it. One of the neat things I wish I had the privilege to do is they have like a roses and thorns kind of meeting where the clinicians themselves meet
Gwenevere Abriel: And they say they kind of help each other we call each other out, like, Oh, is that pushing your buttons are you having sort of a counter transference experience and they call you out. Like what, like you're getting therapy to and it's mandatory.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you talk about your cases you staff your cases not just me, but in this this supervision group you talk about all your cases. And what happens is it's a
Gwenevere Abriel: An accountability thing like my is your client to. So what happens. She's going to hold me accountable. She's going to make sure that I'm doing the best I can. And guess what I'm going to do for her. Want to make sure she's doing the best she can
Gwenevere Abriel: Her client. We're all held accountable for this caseload. It's a neat feature but
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't pull it off and you'd be going to skills groups.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ya know it, but I will tell you if you ever run across it and you can afford it. Go for it. DB T Dialectical Behavioral Therapy. Yes, it is.
Saraniah Aston: Maybe sometime in the future.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah, it's just it's it's intense
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, that's what I've heard. Well, right now I'm taking care of basics.
Gwenevere Abriel: As you're getting your you're talking with me who already has buy into it. It's weaved in there. It's in there. It's just like it kind of flowing with other things. And sometimes it's a day for teaching skills. Other times it's
Gwenevere Abriel: It's about therapy interfering behavior.
Saraniah Aston: No, I love the way you work. I can see how you take all these different things and you, you have your you have your own approach. And I think your way under
Saraniah Aston: Underrated probably underpaid.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now we are at the end of this session techie, see how you're doing.
Saraniah Aston: I feel really good.
Saraniah Aston: I feel good. I feel
Saraniah Aston: Like I have a bit of a path to go on. I'm excited about this little app and I'm tearing out if I can come, I would like to come on to the Thursday.
Saraniah Aston: Group something to see, I'm going to do that. And I feel good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's add let's add I do feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Strongly
Gwenevere Abriel: About the body awareness, not because there's something deficient in some homework undone. It's barely give homework. Actually, this has to do with
Saraniah Aston: That think
Gwenevere Abriel: About earlier about you feeling lost and you feeling. I don't want that for you. I want you to always feel connected at least to the planet. You know what I mean.
Saraniah Aston: To your
Gwenevere Abriel: Your body, so maybe when you do your timer maybe putting in there embedding in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: For belly breaths. And how's your body feel so it'll be
Saraniah Aston: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or body breasts and I'll do it. Belly breath.
Saraniah Aston: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll do my grass and then I'll say, okay, well where am I still feeling a charge in the body, but I'm feeling it here. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, what's the message huh oh Someone just insulted me. Yeah, I got you, I got you know now that happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where else oh my shoulders are so tight. Yeah. What else is going on. Oh, I have this and this and this and this. Okay, so what
Gwenevere Abriel: What all of it. What it, what can I do right now to take care of this body right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: We get into some problem solving. But that first piece about
Gwenevere Abriel: Inquiring within looking within not getting the information from how other people are viewing you and treating you
Gwenevere Abriel: This is why it's homework right and you may I gotta tell you, I don't care. We're going to bring it up again. So what does
Gwenevere Abriel: This okay this is it. If you knew how to remember it. You never remembered it. We just spent a whole bunch of time talking about how hard it is to take learned information and start it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not wrong. It's just, it's just part of the way your particular brain works. And so we got to hack. We got to find little tricks.
Saraniah Aston: And finding my birdie my
Saraniah Aston: Attention to my body is completely brand new to me so it's it's interesting, but
Saraniah Aston: I'll do it. I'll do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and you can laugh all the way through it. Find it goofy all the things that people need to try something new. We can kind of say all just go for this lady. This ain't gonna work. You can say all those things.
And just get
Saraniah Aston: There. Yeah, there's no harm in asking myself this question so
Saraniah Aston: Yeah. OK, I will, I will do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent. And that timer kind of labeling it that way. Help. Help. Remember these are there because right you're going to remember what you've done over and over and over.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this does take work and it feels like work and it feels like effort it takes more glucose to learn something new. It actually feels like effort.
Saraniah Aston: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something new, the brain has to work harder to create a new habit. The front end lot of glucose. It gets easier once it's a habit. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm excited to see you on Thursday. This is going to be cool.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you take the message of the doc that you were here is that relevant or not relevant.
Saraniah Aston: Oh, if you could, yeah. Love know I came to the
Saraniah Aston: Session for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's a message is slack but y'all messaging right now.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll see you on Thursday. I hope
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I'm 90%. Sure. Yes.
Saraniah Aston: Okay, thank you.
Saraniah Aston: Bye.